So Basically, I want to tell a story. I want to I want to have an allegory. in the same style as the other allegories. Um, written out, Um, And added to my site, wiki.richards.systems under, you know, so I'll need the index to be adjusted to include this allegory. And I want to, you know, end it at, or added to, like, the end of the list and wherever it needs to be referenced, like, in the top level page 4 allegories. But, so basically, here's the allegory. And I want you to write out the text and then I am going to go to Gemini to generate an image and then I'll add the image and ask you to compress it and then add it to the page. So that's the process. Um, but here's basically the story and like, yeah, write it in the same kind of theme as the other ones, like same kind of... But like, the story is basically, Um, I think it's, you know, basically a good allegory. So like back when I was, And it's not supposed to be about me, it's supposed to just be a, you know, a story, like an allegory. So, like, back, like, when I was younger, we belonged to this, like, um, Basically, youth, Christian association, and it was really just a skate park for the kids in, like, Oakland County. And we would, you know, it'd skate and that was it. We'd just skate. But the youth pastor who like ran this, he had group, and what we did was we soft motted, well, we took a bunch of Xboxes. We hired a guy to kind of hack the Xboxes and soft maud them so that we could download video games onto them. And This was like the 1st Xbox. So it was before. Like a modern day area where you can like download video games on your computer. Like you had to use the disk, but we soft moded the Xboxes to be able to download games onto them. So, and then basically we donated something like for Xboxes so that At the time, basically it allowed you to land them together. They called it a land party. And Um, when you land them together, basically you can have 4 TVs and 4 Xboxes, and everyone can play together in the same game. Um, again, it was a while ago, and So when we donated these Xboxes, uh, my dad, like he asked the pastor, like, oh, do you, because this is like a Christian youth group, do you want us to put like racing games or, you know, some sort of like, and like some sort of game that's like, Not an aggressive game kind of thing. And The youth pastor, like, and the youth pastor said, no, no, no, we want Halo on there. We want to shoot him up for first-person shooter game. And my dad, you know, turned to me and he said, listen to this. Like, this is interesting. And my dad said, why would you want a first-person shooter if this is like a Christian group? And the pastor said, um, Well, we want to identify the kids who get too excited or too aggressive with the 1st person shooter games. So we can lean into like providing more attention and care to those kids, like to those youth. Um, So, Again, it's supposed to be an allegory. So like, I don't know how much you want to, like, reveal the hand or whatever, but the point has to do with like, I think this is a good allegory for society where, like, there's inflammatory content that is propagated and boosted online. and different ideologies and ideas that, like, are propagated. Like, I think a core kind of point that is, along with this after I've reflected on this over the years, has to do with, like, it's not necessarily the roots of an ideology that are, that that should be the only, like, the only components of the ideology that should be considered. In reality, ideologies are spread through kind of like the game of phone, telephone, where it's really the derivative that is understood through like the 4th or 5th person that hears the ideology, that should be used to judge the ideology. Like nihilism, for instance, maybe at the roots of nihilism in the core philosophy, right? Or sadism or masochism, maybe at the root of the ideology, like, there is some components of it that are key, like, components, right? Like, like MASOC, the guy who made like masochism, Like, there is a, there is a reflection of like, people basically revealing themselves and signing contracts and giving up their privacy that is, like, at the roots of masochism, like in his philosophy, MASOC, like, there is some, some important stuff there, but it's really the derivatives of now the colloquial term, masochism is like a very negative term and it becomes like you're judging kind of the tree by its fruits. So anyway, the point is like some of these ideologies that are spread in their pure form, in the way that politicians talk about kind of the pure ideologies. It's totally not even about the pure form of it that it should be judged on. It's the fruits of it. It's the game of telephone of the idea. And really this allegory that I'm talking about, about the pastor, like wanting to identify the risky students or the risky youth. is really the way that, like, our, like, risk accounts are collected in this surveillance state, where, like, a risk profile is built, and I think that there is an effort, there's kind of a concerted effort to identify the at risk youth or the at risk. Like, And what I mean that by that is like, it might be, it might be adults. in our society that are at risk, but like we're at different developmental stages within the different accounts of our life. So it's like, it's really the, um, you know, some people are at, like, arrested development in certain accounts in their life. So, some of the content and ideas on the internet are propagated, knowing that it's a game of telephone and the derivatives, you know, will be. different than the roots of it. Um. But again, like, The point is the same thing, to identify the at risk individuals. Um, So yeah, incorporate these components into the allegory that you write.
